yeah Jamie Wilson and it's weird I know
I'm 27 and I look like I'm 17 I know I
look 17 because every time I'm set out
on acting auditions it solves for the
high school kid at the audition it's me
Luke Perry and ralph macchio in the
waiting room hey Dylan karate kid what's
up shut up haha I wasn't any ol no one
so you know i wake up at 35 and look at
the mirror oh my god it looked like Joan
Rivers neck after half hour in the pool
look I know you can't really tell by
looking at me but when i was a kid i was
diagnosed as having a learning
disability or as the other cheese in
school called it here's that melon head
to do can't breathe writing pieces pants
all the time and I was like this is
embarrassing especially cuz I was 17 at
the time yeah I was labeled as having a
learning disability or the technical
term used fucking retard those until I
was 17 I was like it's not real anyway
for my parents to be introducing me haha
we have a learning disability people
tend to let you get away with certain
things when I was younger I learned I
could wander into the girls change room
Jamie didn't you see the sign before
entering no I can't read her number well
what about when you saw the naked girls
what were you thinking well I have a
learning disability I just thought they
were boys LED and developed yet but
people often ask me like what kind of
learning disability do you actually have
I tell them well it's a little bit of
deep it's a little bit of dyslexia
dyslexia and a whole bunch of other
things really all I know is when I was
born the court was wrapped around my
neck twice my face was blue and of
shitting all over the place yeah it's a
horrible and disgusting story but it's
true and let me tell you this I may have
several learning disabilities because of
lack of oxygen to my brain but I do know
this much every time I tell this story I
get laid
I may only be able to focus on one task
at a time but I do know this blue baby
sorry Eagles pussy and speaking of which
my my friend he's driving a Mustang and
I've been given like one girl a week and
I Drive a Saturn and I haven't yet
hasn't got me any girls actually but
then he says well at least I guess
you're from point A to B and I'll tell
ya be honest with you how much rather I
have the cash to get occurred against me
from point B to J and in under three
days yeah features if it wasn't for
teachers in school I would have learned
anything like him great wine when I
pulled my pants down to my ankles and
the class laughed this is johnson was
like hey that's not funny so now when
I'm on a hot date as an adult and I go
back to her place I pull my pants down
to my ankles and your laughter I'm like
hey that's not funny I'm gonna let you
want to hear people say mean things
about teachers either like you know
that's saying those who can do those who
can't teach
now come to think of it that doesn't say
much for my sexy teacher boner can never
find that damn g spot and and if i could
maybe make a hold a relationship like
I'm seeing this girl who works at the
local dominos pizza and massage each
other like three or four times in the
first week yeah she delivered and then
she dumped me yeah yeah I can still
picture her all hot and steamy in the
backseat of my car cheerio mr. party
size box still many Jovi's I don't care
what anyone says there's a lot of
pressure being in a pizza relationship
she'd always test me on my promise to
come in 30 minutes and trust me ladies
sometimes it was free maybe that's why I
like Jamie Wilson thank you